everybody it's glad than Craig we're
back in this video and I'm gluing
ourselves from the internet coverage of
sdcc to bring you the top five things
from that event and to bring balance to
the universe we're also pointing five
fingers of shame at the very worst but
let's not get ahead of ourselves let's
kick it off with the five best starting
with the Avengers 2 title reveal the age
of Ultron it's great see a heavy hitter
from the Avengers rogues gallery brought
to the fore Ultron is so ingrained in
the Avengers mythology with HAMP M was
vision the Masters of evil the main
boggles with the possibilities and
number 4 it's Stratis faction guaranteed
with trish stratus being the first diva
to join the elite collection as a
flashback figure plus based on the
figure shown by Mattel we actually looks
like her quite the feat when compared to
metals other efforts with the Divas of
the WWE next up its mohawk from knickers
gremlins this is an amazing movie
accurate sculpt that will hopefully
bring the line out of the shadow of
predator and alien plus with Jose and in
second place it's x-men days of future
past and with every reveal we get that
bit more excited so you can only imagine
how excited we are for all the sdcc
reveals the sentinel head the Soviet
style anti-mutant propaganda and photos
of the cars and at number ones proof
that the certain to be rebranded Marvel
Legends line is going to come out
fighting with claws and cleavage it's
black cat taking all the right boxes
this is a great representation of a
phantom antic character previously
butchered by toy biz but as all good
things must come to an end it's time for
the five very worst I'm Greg let me ask
you a question what does 20 pounds by
you for novelty superhero shape bubble
baths no one superhero novelty shaped
bubble bath minus the bubble
it's the Avengers Titan hero Hulk need
we explain anymore at four and by
coincidence it's mogwai series for just
when we saw exhausting all mobilizers
bring us more kill gremlins no they go
and make some up it's the concept more
wise who is gonna buy this crap whoever
you are please do is they can release
the gremlins until these are sold a next
Captain America mighty battlers except
no it's supposed to be a legends figure
marvel now captain america to be exact
yet somehow it looks like if you squeeze
his legs the shield might spin while a
pairs pops out of his mouth and you just
know when they can't even get a
hand-painted prototype to look good I
dread to think how it will look after
mass production and Craig have actually
been lucky enough to attain an early pre
stock sample of said figure here it is
what do you think and the number of to
number 22 Camaro sdcc is the Masters of
the Universe classic or troopers the
Masters of the Universe Classics line
went on resisting all the good design
elements from both timeless vintage
figures and the Filmation cartoon to
purchase these the four horsemen must
have died inside when the sculpted these
and lost sight of the iconic proportions
of the character design finally the very
worst thing to come out of sdcc the
fantasy perpetuated by Hasbro that
somewhere in China a factories full of
all the Marvel Legends running change
figures we never got to her has broke
off between a rock and a hard so come on
toys r us call 555 beijing factory we
want our sentry by comment rate share
and subscribe and pop over to craigs
channel for more Marvel news and a very
special guest appearance from yours
truly